Support --tag and --message in wrangler deploy (#9230)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/easy-towns-fall.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> chore: Added support for --tag and --message in `wrangler deploy` when using the verisons/deployments API (essentially when not using Service Worker format and Durable Objects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for --tag and --message in `wrangler deploy` when using the versions/deployments API (essentially when not using Service Worker format and Durable Objects).
```

Does this mean service worker _and_ DOs, or service worker _or_ DOs?
